table: fix TableRow onHover not applying any styles, update onClick on TableRow when clicking Checkbox (#2048)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/pink-cheetahs-report.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': patch
---

> table: Fix `TableRow`'s `onHover` stylings to not be applied when the table layout is not `auto` or `fixed`. Add cursor change on hover row in fixed table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table: Fix `TableRow`’s `selected` and hover styles not getting applied when an incorrect `tableLayout` is set. Add `pointer` cursor for clickable rows in fixed tables.
```
